[GEARAMA]: Changelog for KeyVault Certificates (#3080)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-certificates/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.0.0-beta.1 (2021-11-09)

### New Features

> Initial preview of Azure Security Key Vault Certificates API for CPP.
> 
> - Added `Azure::Security::KeyVault::Certificates::CertificateClient` for get, create, list, delete, backup, restore, and import certificate operations.
> - Added high-level and simplified `keyvault_certificates.hpp` file for simpler include experience for customers.
> - Added model types which are returned from the `CertificateClient` operations, such as `Azure::Security::KeyVault::Certificates::KeyVaultCertificate`.

Reviewer: Nit: We typically put everything under top-level bullets in changelog/markdown (with sub-bullets), and avoid the term `preview` in favor of `beta`.

```suggestion
- Initial beta release of Azure Security Key Vault Certificates API for CPP.
  - Added `Azure::Security::KeyVault::Certificates::CertificateClient` for get, create, list, delete, backup, restore, and import certificate operations.
  - Added high-level and simplified `keyvault_certificates.hpp` file for simpler include experience for customers.
  - Added model types which are returned from the `CertificateClient` operations, such as `Azure::Security::KeyVault::Certificates::KeyVaultCertificate`.
```
